okay Mac here to do a quick overview
look at the pelican 1440 case this is a
really a review because we can find lots
of reviews online on Pelican cases and
how sturdy they are and how will they do
to shock impact and all that kind of
stuff this is more of an idea of what
you can actually use this for as far as
camera gear and stuff and how much you
can fit in a quick looking tour of it
obviously you have your top handle here
you have the side handles and you also
have this retractable handle here with
the rollers so you can roll it around
very easily as you can see this does a
pretty good job this this is the top
loading case which was important to me
that I was looking for a case as that I
could put in my gear and pull it out
rather easily without having to put the
gear sideways some of the specs of this
case has no ring seal the easy Odin
double throat latches obviously this
extension handle can be put in a few
different positions it there can be put
half way down right there to locks it
into positions there we have different
options this is the 1440 but you can get
a 1444 is what I got I got the 1444 and
it has the actual habit cider which
worked really well for the your
photography equipment this is the top
one pad outfitted it with a space for
the d800 which is the photo camera right
now doing the video that fits right
there with no winds on it I've got the
lens hoods for both the 70 to 200 at 2.8
as it's very well right there and then
this is the 24 to 70 F 2.8 fits in there
right and then the two winds that I have
there it also has I don't know if you
can see this but a compartment for many
different accessories that can go there
I'm actually going to put the 50
millimeter I'm using a 1.8 it's going to
go in one of these cases along with some
remote flash triggers a remote shutter
or filters other things can go right
there really well now so you can also
this zips down to cover up that keep
everything in place now these pull right
out has a little belt front of anything
you can pull that right out and then you
have the bottom section which really has
a lot of space I am putting this in here
I have room to grow but I put my 14 to
24 wide angle zoom in the case into this
case just because I have the extra room
and I also have the huge winds head for
the Sigma 150 to 500 that fits down in
there rather nicely with room extra room
and also have two flashes an old SB 24
and a SP 600 which also bit down in
there so quick overview the case it's a
great fill case like any Pelican case
strong as anything it's a good amount of
stuff and I have a little
to grow here these isn't really fit
perfectly as you can see they I could
take off these lens hoods and probably
put them in the bottom and stack them
together and have some more room up top
then right now I don't need it so there
you go with a quick overview let's see
what are the other features the exterior
dimensions are basically twenty by
twelve by eighteen that's 20 wide by 12
wide by the depth is 18 an interior
dimensions that's probably your most
important thing you're thinking of did
the interior dimension is 17 by 7 and a
half line by 19 I mean 16 inches deep
and obviously some of the depth there's
2 inches on the top of the internal and
14 of the bottom depth and the actual
weight of this is sixteen point five
pounds thank you
you